---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E1: UI Basics Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-01-30
published: true
labels:
  - Questions
  - Answers
---

For WOD 1, it took me between 20-25 minutes. I learned specifially how to make links on my webpage. I will say that for WOD 1, I DNF'd a couple times because I was stuck on how to link the table of content. This was solved by simply rereading how I needed to do it and attempting it again. I understood the concept, just didn't remember how to do it. WOD 1 took me a total of 3 tries and by doing this, I learned that the more I did it, the more easy it was to recall information.

 For WOD 2, it took me less than 10 minutes to complete. I learned how to use google fonts properly by linking it first. I DNF'd 4 times because I was simply moving too slow through the steps. One of my biggest weaknesses is being a slow learner. How I counteract that is by doing things one step at a time rather than looking at the assignment as a whole. This stops me from overthinking each step. I also didn't realize that we could reference the screencast as we were doing the WOD. So my other reason for DNF'ing so much was because everytime I referenced the screencast or any readings, I restarted, thinking that I was not allowed to look at anything during the WOD. There is a discord the TAs created for the class and someone asked if we were allowed to reference things during WODs, and one of the TAs said that you can reference them, just not during the WODs. Doing my next WOD like that should help me not make me DNF so much. WOD 2 took me a total of 5 tries.

 For WOD 3, it took me between 10-15 minutes. I learned specifically how to use paddings to help with the aesthetics of a webpage. I also DNF'd this WOD 4 times because I was stuck on why my paragraphs didn't look like the finished product and also not knowing prior to doing this WOD that I can reference notes and the screencast while doing my WOD with the timer still running. I will make sure to reference readings and screencast while doing my future WODS and not count them as DNFs. How I fixed my paragraphs was by padding them around and it helped fix the look of them. WOD 3 took me a total of 5 tries.