---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E4: My Progress in Programming Report"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-04-14
published: true
labels:
  - Essay
---


1. My programming skills have greatly improved in the ways: I have a better foundation of basic coding. What I mean by this is that whenever there is a situation in an assignment where I had to loo kup information so that I could complete my code, I have a better understanding of the "language" that is used when a website is explaining what the code means. I used to look at these websites and have to reference my notes more frequesntly, versus now I rarely have to reference the basics concepts.

2. I need to work on the following to improve my programming: I need to take the time to read everything about the code I'm looking up before using it. I more times than not skim through the reading of what the code does and when I use it, it either doesn't work or do exactly what I want it to do, so I look back at the page to reread what I missed and find out I shouldn't be using that code. I need to just take the time to read and understand everything I can about that code so that way I don't waste my time in the long run.

3. I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them wihtout copying the screencast: I will admit, I technically could do the WODs without the screencast, but it still takes me a really long time before figuring it out. I still am having a hard time thinking simply and end up doing more than is needed.

4. The labs have helped me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence: I feel that most of the labs we didn't finish them in class and had to do them on our own. I do realize that is the point of the lab, but specifically, we wouldn't get to that part of the lab where the stuff is meant to be done on our own. We ended doing things that were meant to be done in class and because of that, not all of those steps were described properly. With that being said, I believe the labs still provided me wiht a good enough information to learn from.

5. I learned a lot from my exeperience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignemnt 2: I definitely feel this way because it was definitely a learning experience for me. It made me understand that I need to change habits to accomodate the upcoming Assignemnts properly. Starting early is a big one, I felt very overwhlemed with Assignment 1 which was due to my procrastination.

6. I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways: The biggest way I believe that class can be improved is by actually getting through all the lab that is meant to be done in class. I personally felt that I was behind on the learning just because we were doing multiple steps in the labs that was incomplete or needed to be explained in class.

7. I would say what helped me the most in this class was the readings, screencasts, class website and the labs. I personally prefer to learn by labs because it is hands on and is being taught to me by the person who is essientally grading my work. I also liked the screencasts because it definitely helped me get started on the WODs, and when I got stuck I could find out what I' doing wrong faster. The screencasts were also very informative and didn't go ahead of what we were learning. I liked the website because it was very organized and made referencing readings and other material quick and simple. The website w3schools is by far the best site to look up code. It keeps it simple and straight to the point and of course if I didn't understand it, I would look up elsewhere.
